Some Fixer Investigative Contradicting Terms

Subject: A subject is the focus of an investigation. A witness can become a subject.
Potential Witness: A witness to a fixer is mostly “potential witness”
Dealings for: CALI PI Association states “dealings for”
Cases: Anyone’s cases that may have witness testimony and documentations, whether civil, criminal, or not litigated

Implication: Instead of A to B, it is A to C, with points of somethings that are real that occurs to push the implication into a false light.

William Hazlet: The Art of Deception. Blurring between the real and the fake. Obscuring.

Logical Fallacy of Falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus – 
At common law, it is the legal principle that a witness who falsely testifies about one matter..
Although Lord Ellenborough (pictured) rejected a categorical application of the rule falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus for English courts in the year 1809, the doctrine survives in some American jurisdictions.[1]


A Fixer takes advantage of this fallacy (Falsus in Omnibus), by inserting something that’s true within many falsehoods (perception alterations). This exploitation causes intense fears in their victims, since they know there is something remotely true, and it’s being spun into something far worse. To finish this exploitation, a fixer will obtain the ‘likeness’ of their victim (a witness) with edits and fabrications to intensify this exploitation.
Fixers like to weave between the outrageous to actual danger, to exploit this fallacious perception issue in some jurisdictions, to try to “impeach” what is true, by forcefully connecting it to the false. They want others to completely remove their entire statement, including what is true/probable, thus, removing the witness entirely.

Photos of Alleged Relationships to Implicate: A Fixer uses photos of people together, and wants to completely isolate their victims. The Fixer will try to exploit the meetings that their victim/the potential witness (or their clients) had, and again, it’s likeness alterations to forcefully take away their control.

Implication to Bigger Issues: A Fixer wants to cause fear in the witnesses/victims by forcefully implicating their statements and them to bigger issues, by falsely alleging stronger connections to more dangerous entities than they have

Fixer Manipulating Locations – A Fixer wants to implicate a witness/victim to make them fearful in any location they are in. 
A Fixer wants their victims/witnesses to think of other locations that are far away from where they should be looking. They want them to be confused and look at other places that will not assist their case.

Changing Roles – A Fixer can change roles based on the manipulation they want to be done and based on the person they’re contacting. They can use terminology defining that role at the time, as if they are like a ‘chameleon.’  They can use terms that they think will interest the subject even if false while pressuring them to do what they want.

Definitions in Language and Fast Reading Perception - Implicated Danger Based on Fast Reading/Language Understanding – A Fixer knows the secondary implication to a word they use, e.g, ‘erstwhile’ can be a secondary meaning.

Patterns of Language: A Fixer can use the same patterns of speaking, while revealing within the many falsehoods their intentions, hence, a Linguistic Profiler could detect the speech patterns.

Timing and Timelines – A Fixer knows the context of their timing, and that timing the pressure they are doing can be more exploitative to their victims/witnesses than the outside observer can understand without the timeline.

Quoting their Intentions – A Fixer can use other people’s quotes, including from songs or implications to films, to quote their actual intentions to obscure

A Witness can become a plaintiff or a defendant. Just like a witness to a fixer can be a subject and are a “potential witness,” unless they can alter their likeness to fit their purposes.

Contradiction to Fixers --
In Some States it can be illegal Coercion - A person is guilty of coercion in the third degree when he or she compels or induces a person to engage in conduct which the latter has a legal right to abstain from engaging in, or to abstain from engaging in conduct in which he or she has a legal right to engage…
by means of instilling in him or her a fear that, if the demand is not complied with, the actor or another will:
Testify or provide information or withhold testimony or information with respect to another’s legal claim or defense; 
This can include actions to remove the testimony or information for the legal claim, e.g., in NY law this can include fear of property damage.





