Perception Profiling - Positive Profiling and Negative Profiling

Perception Profiling is very aware of vantage points, and a person can try to predict the reaction to the profiling and the actions with the profiling.

Positive Profiling:
Positive profiling can be life-improving, to prevent and reverse the impacts of negative profiling. 
Positives versus negatives – this may acknowledge glimmers that could be turned negative, but majorly focuses on positives.

Positive Profiling can cause a ‘subject’ to flourish. That can intensify with proximity, which can be how often and repeating.

Relatability – a positive profile wants to use relatability to have the person be socially welcomed and their thinking/passions shown as understandable

Negative Profiling:
“Fixer” profiling can be with done the mostly negative interest, however, small glimmers of something that may appear positive can be inserted into the majorly negative result.
A ”Fixer” pressures negative profiling to manipulate the communications, relationships, and moveability of the subject. The subject is to react defensively to try to regain their likeness. The “Fixer” can want to severe and end the flourishing of their subject, similarly intensifies with proximity.
Basic Profiling includes relationships, families, locations (types of invasions of privacy), interests. Perception profiling goes beyond basic profiling. Implications and connections: Perceive ___?

As in the other guide of some terms, profiling in the Perception way is looking for points that be implicated into something. For an analogy: Camera angle of the likeness of the subject in relation to the Receiver. 
When looking at Cases in the Visual & Performing Arts – it’s important to Categorize in a way that will make it more relatable and understood.
A Fixer can try to bind the subject, while freeing the subjects is about relating issues into something more freeing. It’s a process.

In Categories, it should be that ‘keywords’ are shown to show the patterns of the issues in a way that could be seen by the subjects or anyone as something that is Educational. The Guide may not be seen as far, but neither are the ‘fixers’ guides who do dealings.
